0. Just see teh video and see github code and learn from chatgpt - dont need to see video twice

1. Change "main": "index.js" in package.json to "index.ts" ?

2. Check your file codes with github repo as well


3. I got these warnings after installing list of alll those packages :

inflight@1.0.6: This module is deprecated and not supported anymore. It is known to leak memory. The warning suggests using lru-cache as a more reliable alternative for coalescing async requests by key value 23.
glob@7.2.3: This version of glob is deprecated as versions prior to v9 are no longer supported 45.
rimraf@2.7.1: Similar to glob, this version is deprecated because versions prior to v4 are no longer supported 45.

These warnings indicate that some dependencies used by the packages you installed rely on outdated modules that 
may have issues or are no longer maintained. It's advisable to check if there are updates available for those 
packages or consider alternatives that do not rely on deprecated modules.

Use the command below to list all outdated packages in your project:
npm outdated

If you want to update a specific package, use:
npm install <package-name>@latest
npm install rimraf@latest (for rimraf)

To update all packages at once, you can run:
npm update
However, this will only update to the latest version according to the version ranges specified in your package.json.

For a more comprehensive update that modifies your package.json, you can use the npm-check-updates package. 
First, install it globally:
npm install -g npm-check-updates
Then run:
ncu -u
This command updates all dependencies in your package.json to their latest versions.

4. setup git repo and git for this project for pushing

5. LAter after competing this project , make a data model diagram for this one
6. do everything you did in youtube backend project in this project also including asynchandler . api error and 
apiresposne if needed and also try-catch , error handling etc etc

7. also add more checks in this too like the ones you did in yt-backend project (like if(!fetcheduser) , if(!username.trime())) etc
in each request handler

8. what about password updation for vendors 

9. what about admin login ?